Pull "adding a chain" section higher in CONTRIBUTING.md (#121)
ethereum-optimism/superchain-registry: CONTRIBUTING.md

- Addresses of L1 contracts. (Note that all L2 addresses are statically known addresses defined in the OP-Stack specification, and thus not configured per chain.)
- Genesis system config data
- Compressed `genesis.json` definitions (in the `extra/genesis` directory) which pull in the bytecode by hash

The genesis largely consists of contracts common with other chains:
all contract bytecode is deduplicated and hosted in the `extra/bytecodes` directory.

The format is a gzipped JSON `genesis.json` file, with either:
- a `alloc` attribute, structured like a standard `genesis.json`,
  but with `codeHash` (bytes32, `keccak256` hash of contract code) attribute per account,
  instead of the `code` attribute seen in standard Ethereum genesis definitions.
- a `stateHash` attribute: to omit a large state (e.g. for networks with a re-genesis or migration history).
  Nodes can load the genesis block header, and state-sync to complete the node initialization.

### 4. Raise your Pull Request
  Automated checks will run, and your PR will be reviewed in due course.

## Adding a superchain target

> **Note**

> > This is an infrequent operation and unecessary if you are just looking to add a chain to an existing superchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This is an infrequent operation and unnecessary if you are just looking to add a new L2 chain.
```

Author: One of the scenarios we want to cover is the following: 

* say we already have a `holesky` superchain in place
* we launch a `holesky-dev-0/op-labs-dev-0` devnet chain and want to add that to the registry
* someone needs to follow the steps in this section despite "just looking to add a new L2 chain to an existing L1 chain"
* in short, superchain != L1

Reviewer: Sorry, maybe this is my lack of familiarity with devnets, but why isn't adding `holesky-dev-0` effectively adding a new devnet L1?

Reviewer: ahh yes that does make sense, thank you!
